I will consider Olivia as a girl who likes to stay on her own and who's number of words she spoke in a day can be counted. Olivia started as one of our foremost cohort two intern. The second of two ladies in the class. She had stepped in with her mom who was all out in ensuring that her daughter had all the resources that is required to gain a slot for the 2019 internship. What will actually get your attention about her is the unrelentless manner in which she goes about her task; calm, articulated and reserved.Finding herself in a class full of boys she is not deterred to give up through the rigorous journey of sofware development.

Although she doesn't associate much, she tries to put in her best in seeing that she is up to par with what is being taught. She may find it quite difficult to express herself through words when the bug is much in her code or when she is not understanding completely the concept being talked about. In situations like this, she resorts to being more sullen,collected, and once, you could notice the faint tears in her already red eyes. She wants to say something.
Some of her colleagues had argued that at the beginning of the internship it seemed like she will never be able to associate with others, but obviously they are taking their words back, as she's gradually learning to mingle with others, participate in a team and hack through projects together. Her team spirit is coming up.

Nzekwe Samuel
When he is around you will know, because he always makes noise. Intelligent ones.

He also calls himself "codecryer", but when you meet Samuel you'll be shocked that he doesn't only show high enthusiasm for codes but also a flair in other quite interesting areas like professional writing, research, politics and physics and the general sciences. My interactions with him both in the class and outside a formal setting gives me the conclusion that Samuel is a multi-faceted entity enbodied in one personality.

While he is quickly grasping the concepts in his new found world of programming, his recent articles are already portraying the fact that in him lies not just the "programmer" but a programmer with that extra documentation and writing skills. I have seen his team play and the way he endeavours to carry people along, going the extra mile to ensure that his mates are in sync with what is being taught.
If you're looking for the chairman of the ones that draw the attention, then you have Samuel.. the extrovert that keeps the class very lively.

Ubanna Dan Ekeh
When he stepped into learnfactory few weeks after the internship have started and lectures almost gone far, you would think that it will be futile letting him join the current cohort. I thought the same. A little chatter, like an interview with this tall fellow revealed a unique drive. That drive that radiates of "just give me a try, I can do this thing". He displayed a sense of passion and dedication for what he wants to achieve like someone who's burnt the bridge. Indeed, few months after, that drive I saw didn't disappoint, because in one of their recently concluded jumia clone project, this same Dan, one of the last to join the cohort, lead his team to Victory. He was the team leader of "Team-Gamma".

I look at Ekeh and I see that intern who's best at doing research work, understanding complex paradigms, asking lots of questions and having the ability to learn and implement on the go. For instance, a few days after he joined, with litle or no knowledge of html, css and javascript, the cohorts were to be accessed on those aforemetioned skills and Ubanna did marvelously well, presenting a finely tuned beginner ui(user interface). He would later tell me that most of the things he did there were based on google search. If you're looking for the modern programmer who is dynamic, able to learn under pressure and not afraid to try out new things, I present to you, Ubanna Dan-Ekeh.
